The second half
to be continue
while the temperature has increased rapidly towards Asia
wildfire center the pooches
two
Well there are some consequences of the effects that it pointed out today that these
changes not for example
the snowy ones are disappearing not only in the Peru but all in others
places
what is happening with the snow
what is more evident
in short there is no doubt
and is that global warming
this expression of the cause so that the glaciers
in the tropical areas of the planet
in the quality club is located in mexico is the one that has more
of medals in the world
I'm starting to retreat towards
anti-Semitism do
that definitely has big implications
just the fact that the future and we will not be able to
keep asking is an obscene
in the mountains
china qian to see
irun the new customers many of the citizens
places
they believe that these antisocials are located
they provide the water
every September course and then drinking
for the use of energy and electric power generation and for the use of
crops towards parana
cdc have decreased
the massacre
1 the water in the heavens
definitely a near future
you will not be able to count on it you have appeal resources available
discriminated
drinking water for example the institution and in gustatory moment
me to disappear
but it was the side itself
per cent of the glaciers are not the only ones that contribute
efe the other
for example for drinking water use but also
are the social classifications during the rainy season
at the headquarters in the ravines that make sub-basins
Pemex reported the rivers then neither that continue
kennedy and walkers and lombán
contributing to the strengthening of the service
once the rainy season finishes since the dry season
Science and contribution of the city
then the actor who has mainly of the glaciers and of the
groundwater society creation
then in the future the contribution will disappear
of the church will only be the contribution
in the dry season
Groundwater leaks
its snowy landscapes that have been having the amount of snow that has
there is a way to recover the snow loss moth has no turning back
I can hear comments that
giselle way of empreser give them
the works
I do not believe because the Japanese prosecutor
it will also continue
increasing the temperature
nor is it going to increase or accelerate the partial retirement eventually homeland
and what conditions can we recover only when the planet
entities
With another change that is taking treatment we have been able to notice here
are changes in temperature and changing China novillada
and they release what lime does not feel like in other times
yes
in places where it must be raining there yes
and to the zoo dominica and honda wait a bit of it would be seeing alan and
amounts that is what is happening
as a result of global warming
climate change
I found out that the rain regime
change
percent colleges and coincident that if there's higher
recently the initial attempt
of the more than 70 in increase among the hot infants
as a result of the greater evaporation
and it is invisible that there are more clubs
percent and the winds are responsible for you
after the destruction of a place to another place but as a social space
after that simple fact that there will be more availability
own or other monge eras
when they rush
if the possibility of a way that we do not know so far are doing
studies
function
of what is the rainfall regime that has been observed at present in
the last fifty hundred years
merck 1 will change
if only using
by climate models
can not anticipate
not very accurately but have a
milledge what would be the changes in the rain regime
it implies who
in some cases
in places where you have to see enough will continue to live Mancini is a pleasure
Unused elections
in other places where
and there was a deficit
type of sites lies
then in some cases
the financial situation
but there were other places
I do not understand, I saw
it will rain
where before
for one hundrerd
I want a lot will decrease
then valverde a type of balance
efe
as it happened then it happens
it's not a research topic